[Intro]
Hi my name is Monica Davis and I am UX/UI Designer who's just graduated from the Graphic Design program at Algonquin College.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
What inspired me to pursue graphic design was after getting my diploma in photography I decided I wanted to further my education
and specifically I want to learn a lot more about the different softwares that Adobe offered and I felt that graphic design really fit the needs that I was looking for.
[What does graphic Design mean to you?]
Graphic design to me really means being handed a problem and finding a creative and fun solution that works for everyone involved.
[What was your favourite class?]
Throughout my three years Algonquin, I'd  have to say my favourite class in the beginning it was probably typography,
I really enjoyed that class but as the years progressed I really found myself gravitating towards you UX/UI design
and thats specifically why I ended up pursuing that field in the end.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
If I had to pick a favourite adobe program it would probably be photoshop, first, and second I really enjoy using XD.
I find it incredibly easy to use and since I use it a lot I've grown pretty fond of it.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
And in 5 years I hope to see myself working with an amazing team and just creating and having a lot of fun everyday
and just really enjoying what I do in my life and in my work.
Anyway, Thanks!
[Outro]